what is a packet?
A network packet is a small amount of data sent over Transmission Control Protocol/Internet 
Protocol (TCP/IP) networks. The packet size is around 1.5 kilobytes for Ethernet and 64 KB 
for IP payloads.Similar to a real-life package, each packet includes a source and destination
as well as the content (or data) being transferred.A network packet is divided into three 
parts; the header, payload, and trailer.The header contains information about the packet, 
such as its origin and destination IP addresses (an IP address is like a computer's mailing 
address). The payload is the actual data.Sometimes called the footer, trailers are bits that 
signify the end of a packet. These bits inform the receiving device that it has reached the 
end of the packet.

what is static routing?
Static routing is a form of routing that occurs when a router uses a manually-configured 
routing entry, rather than information from dynamic routing traffic. In many cases, 
static routes are manually configured by a network administrator by adding in entries into a 
routing table, though this may not always be the case.
advantages of static rouitng:
Static routes are not advertised over the network, resulting in better security.
Static routes use less bandwidth than dynamic routing protocols, as routers do not exchange 
routes.

what is dynamic routing?
Dynamic routing, also called adaptive routing, is a process where a router can forward data 
via a different route for a given destination based on the current conditions of the 
communication circuits within a system.

what is BGP routing? / what is BGP routing used for?
Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) refers to a gateway protocol that enables the internet to 
exchange routing information between autonomous systems (AS). As networks interact with each 
other, they need a way to communicate. This is accomplished through peering. BGP makes 
peering possible.

what is autonomous system?
The Internet is a network of networks. It is broken up into hundreds of thousands of smaller 
networks known as autonomous systems (ASes).

OSPF
Open Shortest Path First (OSPF) is a link-state routing protocol that is used to find the 
best path between the source and the destination router using its own Shortest Path First.
Open Shortest Path First (OSPF) is a link-state routing protocol that was developed for IP 
networks and is based on the Shortest Path First (SPF) algorithm. OSPF is an Interior Gateway 
Protocol (IGP).

RIP
Routing Information Protocol (RIP) is a distance vector protocol that uses hop count as its 
primary metric. RIP defines how routers should share information when moving traffic among 
an interconnected group of local area networks (LANs).
Routing Information Protocol (RIP) is a dynamic routing protocol that uses hop count as a 
routing metric to find the best path between the source and the destination network.

LAN and VLAN
LAN stands for Local Area Network is a group of network devices which allow the 
communication between connected devices. On the other hand VLAN stands for Virtual Local 
Area Network which is used to enhance the performance of LANs (Local Area Networks).

VLAN/ purpose of VLAN
VLANs allow network administrators to automatically limit access to a specified group of 
users by dividing workstations into different isolated LAN segments. When users move their 
workstations, administrators don't need to reconfigure the network or change VLAN groups

